ladies gentlemen welcome to this
technology run special and today in
box with it
you tap it on the shoulder it
again made this cake for
messi oh maybe this is not yes
no no
ok well well thanks anyway yes
I do n't know what everybody's come with
because I'm going to ask you something
just like last time when we were stone
asked to search for
well search he knew but I go with
Join you to watch their favorite
disney grave place and you are one
second visitor
well an actual name via peer
when you have been via pier
yet
I still have it forever
oh anyway oh oh you still have one
string is around other pc sorry i saw
You You don't have VIP on our teams yet
week because you get that too
if you buy white bram on on service at
We give you a special white liquor which
here so in other channels may be special
VIP channels nice to know maybe
but I didn't see it pleasant yet
sorry in so you are tip forever
a very important person for my who
know what fat means and insure you
spot of magic not yet reveal
maybe you have a little hint
well weird combination very quickly
Oh okay well in so then I am
very curious where we are going i
should actually chase you so me
go after you walk on
and then I'll come back at the we go
towards the castle you can, by the way
go very fast because a light demands you
downstairs we have it all
very smooth sprayed the tiles leaving you
so that bit harder goes that little bit
I see if you bear it again he is
back in again
well you next time then i have you
yes yes then I will ask you what your
spots
will be another billion already what does it stink
on a yes it will be a bear forest again
of course long or the gnome
built by ride or would that apply that
does not seem appropriate to him we yes
indeed and all and there we invariably for a moment
I've brought you last time
there is also about the best stefan
stefan's
our place took us to the jungle book
api's more fun
oh yes but you belong there who
know who look too you look of zest
open mickey oh yes mickey then i think
well too
Mickey Mouse is also where I
do not know how you could suddenly get there
tinus we will go by i follow you
you can continue
oh yeah where down the stairs
the square work square comes out and we go
towards the cart are also the idea if we
can still go towards the ferris wheel it is
it is up to everyone to see which one
We are going up and I'm just going a little
little gambling ines does indeed
of it has the skin of alice in it
wonderland "So I think there is
an alice in wonderland attraction in the
make
only we cannot walk to it
because it is deposited because it is in
their fairy tale area is something not yet
completely open to visitors
I I do not know what they still very nice
find for yourself that you really do have space mountain
like is it true that yes oh look and
another question in the sand through to you
favorite attraction in the whole
disneycraft park in staff or not too old
tax
yes actually
He is about to finish that but my looks are the
ariel very tired
okay in you because the little nerve is in
India indeed about whether
he with us ariels for the water adventure
a whole mouth full of yes
it is also at the headlines here
indicated you look arias to the water
adventure then left side I'm going to you
still follow which lets you take a look
oh who first guitar forward to it
souvenir shop where they are in a hurry
ooh okay him but by him but by that
indeed come a right side beautifully
building that jens made this is too
all newly built with these paths and
This lens hour it looks fantastic
I am also very curious this is one
dark rides with carts more I can do that
say about it
and this will be fantastic it will be something
namely a whole new darkride
with new elements in it
exciting we go direction
I think we're heading towards the fairy tale forest
to go
I think it is going well we are
have done very nice route such a
little to the water and here
oh and here this store has the be
first served by someone blue so already
maybe one for your vacations
and we go in here and we come
at walt disney
I am very curious where we are
to happen ines
yes you go on
nice tree we go to stop by
watch the entrance to the quiz and even
look oh wait a minute
7 in your favorite spot yes all it
grave and that actually quite by accident
because yes it is you seem to you long after
indeed I think so
yes I think you are just like that
super digs in that very nice place
this has been around for a long time
because this was the memory building what
I made somewhere in the de with romy
very young episode of disneycraft
very old and very old and and
then we were a bit busy with it
the roof and such
and this doing I built in
yes i dont know by weekend
built apologies if I don't know
or yes anyway this is the bastard
yes so it rotten day i think rose
maybe already made
well we have two shields here
queen and ja ls well start now
so far
no kid I understand you a little bit there
backwards and you will bother me
safe here on the stairs that you are here so
at the easy level of the christie
maybe not even finished yet
Stroke fullness and you'll even be easy
yes you go you go sooner sooner
does the difficult
ah i 'm really much easier ok keep it
on
well in so thanks for participating and
I'm looking forward to the next one
candidate visitor who then shows what
his or her favorite places
disneycraft
then everyone's bye